alright guys this is a little weird
because I feel like I'm waking up from a
dream or something like that I am at the
tail end of being sick my house is still
at the tail end of being remodeled
that's ongoing and the entire world is
in the midst of a global pandemic and
while we hope everyone is staying safe
and staying home as we ride this one out
you're probably going to be looking for
some activities to do especially if
you're stuck at home and maybe you're
interested in building a computer for my
part I just wanted to get back to doing
something that felt a little bit more
normal and what's more normal for me and
my channel then building a PC this
computer can be assembled for about five
hundred and fifty dollars course there's
new a 500 dual fan CPU cooler features
quad direct contact copper heat pipes an
intuitive slide and lock fan mount
system that allows for valuable hate for
DRAM clearance and we'll run cool and
quiet with you two included ml 120 fans
installation is painless thanks to the
old fast retention system which supports
all modern desktop sockets and it comes
with Corsairs high performance xtm 50
thermal paste pre-applied click the
sponsor link in the description to learn
more so technically this is my monthly
build for March although it's probably
the beginning of April by the time you
watch this video and we're building
everything around the AMD Rison 5 1600
which seems like a CPU that's a couple
years old this is the new Rison 5 1600
though which is technically like a 2nd
gen rising processor but it only costs
$85 and it's a 6 core 6 thread CPU does
not have integrated graphics though so
for that we're leaning on the Radeon rx
574 gig which you can find for about 120
dollars and those are the key parts that
the rest of the build is built around
the other important thing to point out
from the echo about this system is that
it is a micro ATX build that's a little
bit smaller than your typical standard
ATX system so if you want to spend just
a few more dollars and give yourself a
little bit more flexibility in the long
run check out the video subscription and
I'll post a full-size ATX case and a
full-size ATX motherboard that you could
easily swap in with the rest of these
parts to get yourself a full sized ATX
build all the rest of these parts will
also be listed down in the video's
description by the way and the nice
thing though about micro micro ATX is
you can get yourself a pretty small
form-factor a smaller footprint on your
desktop and for the case we're going
with the thermal tight thermal take
versa h18 @tg this is a nice little
entry level
it's about $55 it has a tempered glass
side panel plenty of ventilation and it
ships with a single fan so I've added
one more fan alongside this since the
case only has one fan that it comes with
I'm adding a second fan for an intake at
the front this is a 120 millimeter fan
and you can usually find a decent one of
those for around $10 here's our CPU that
rise in five 1600 and again don't let
the one or the 1000 series fool you this
is a twelve nanometer processor which is
the same that all of the 2000 series AMD
processors are based on the way you can
tell the difference is the AF right
there before box the older version is
not AF the newer version is AF and again
this is linked in the video's
description and it's 85 bucks currently
available on Amazon for a motherboard
we've got the B 450 Oris M from gigabyte
this is a solid motherboard it's got
decent power delivery and if you're
building your own system like this and
you're getting all your parts then I'm
assuming that you care a little bit you
care about your system and then it's not
something that you just want to put
together and then use and forget about
it's something that maybe you want
upgrade in the future so upgrade path is
very much a part of this entire build
you could upgrade the CPU although I
think this one will be fine for you for
now you could upgrade the GPU you could
add more storage you could swap it into
a different case if you wanted to
upgrading your motherboard can be a bit
of a pain in the butt if you do it in
the future though so for that reason you
want to start out with one that will
probably last a while and the B 450 RSM
is good enough that you could pop in a
3900 X or even a 39 50 X and get away
with it you might not be able to
overclock those higher-end AMD rising
processors but it is compatible with
rise in 3000 series CPUs like the 3900
and 3900 X and if you're looking at a B
450 motherboard which is technically a
2nd gen motherboard and you want to make
sure it works with these newer
processors the 1600 AF as well as the
rise in 3000 series processors then make
sure it says AMD rise in 3000 desktop
ready on there that means it's going to
ship with the updated BIOS that will
automatically recognize those newer
processors since our CPU is just 2 CPU
and does not have graphics we need a
separate graphics card and I think the
best entry-level graphics card right now
is the Radeon rx 570 this is the 4 gig
version and you can find 4 gig versions
of these for around 120 dollars and
this specific one from gigabyte horas
which has a two fan cooling solution is
currently available for one hundred and
twenty dollars and again linked in the
description finally we're gonna need
some storage and we're gonna need some
memory for storage if you're on a budget
you're going to want to start out with a
standard 2.5 inch SATA SSD say that
means the SATA connection down there as
well as the SATA protocol for
communication with the motherboard this
is a 250 gig version that I'm using for
the purposes of this build irie highly
recommends a 500 gig class SSD you can
find those for about 60 bucks whereas
the 250 gig class ones are about around
$40 so for about $20 more you can get
about double the capacity that said if
you're on a really limited budget you
can shave about $20 off the cost of this
build by going with a 250 gig model bear
in mind you also have the option of
going with an MDOT to nvme SSD like this
one these will be faster for read and
write speeds and they're kind of
convenient because they just slot into a
little slot on the motherboard so you
don't have to do quite as much wiring up
and installing that said these tend to
cost a little bit more if you do have a
few extra bucks to spend on the build I
might recommend upgrading your main SSD
to one of these realistically speaking
though it's not going to affect your
gaming performance so just stick with a
standard SATA SSD again if you're on a
budget next we're gonna need memory for
that I recommend you get a 16 gig kit
that'll be 8 gigs across 2 sticks and
you want ddr4 and I recommend ddr4 3000
speed or ddr4 3200 speed if you want to
get the most out of your processor that
said Rison
CPUs can be a little bit finicky about
the memory that you plug in with them so
that's kind of the nice thing if you go
with like a 3200 speed kit for example
if it won't run at 3200 speed you can
often just back it off to about 3000
speed and it'll still work but if you
are concerned about which memory to pick
just go ahead and check the video's
description and check the memory that I
have linked there now lastly you're
going to need a power supply and for the
purposes of this build I am using this
power supply but you should not use this
power supply because it's 1,300 watts
I'm recommending a 550 to 650 watt power
supply
make sure the efficiency rating is 80
plus bronze or better 80 plus gold is
even a little bit better than that but
power supply prices have gone up this is
super super overkill for this build I am
only using it because one we're on
lockdown it's hard for me to get any
different power supplies and this is one
of the
that I have that's available and second
I have been recommending power supplies
that have all black cables just purely
for aesthetics this one does have that
and it is actually kind of a nice
feature of this case even though it is a
very inexpensive and entry-level case it
has a basement down at the bottom for
the power supplies and I'm pretty sure
this one will fit so those are the parts
I've chosen because manufacturing has
been interrupted there's a lot of up in
the air questions about pricing and
everything but I did just double-check
all these parts or at least all the
equivalent parts for all the stuff I'm
installing today and they're all
available and they're all available at
reasonable prices still so you should be
able to get everything you need for this
build for about five hundred and fifty
dollars if you're in the US all of that
said I have my trusty screwdriver so
let's get started
so the first thing I've done is pulled
the case out of the box and I'm not
actually going to start building it yet
but I always like to check the case up
just to get an idea of the layout and
most tower style cases are going to have
a layout similar to this mother bird
goes in there you're probably gonna have
some intake at the front or at least
space to install fans for intake at the
front usually via mesh or something like
that this case has an exhaust fan
pre-installed at the back so we're gonna
leave that where it is and then down
here in the bottom is what's known as
the basement the power supply is going
to go down here at the back and then
often you've got some extra space up
here potentially for drives and that
sort of thing I just pulled off the
tempered-glass side panel and I do have
a mouse mat set out here so if there's
anything that's delicate I can set it on
that that's convenient to have of course
have my Phillips head screwdriver and
then I pulled out a little tray so as
I'm collecting little pieces like the
thumb screws that hold on the tempered
glass side panel or the rear side panel
I can put them there and keep them at
least somewhat organized your case
should come with some documentation and
if it's your first time building or if
it's a unique case it helps to read
through that there might be some details
or some special features that you're not
aware of or don't know how to use and
then you should also get a set of screws
maybe some zip ties and sometimes even a
front panel speaker it's also probably
worth pulling off the rear side panel at
this point again just to get a look at
what we're working with and again one of
the reasons I like this case is because
it's it's well designed again and and
affordable so you've got some
pass-throughs like here and here and
over here for routing cables from this
back area out to the front to be plugged
in a very generous cut out here and
that's for the back of the motherboard
so if you have
swap out your cooling solution and you
need to remove the back plates you can
access it right there rather than
uninstalling your entire motherboard
here's why the power supply is going to
sit down at the bottom and there is a
bit of dust ventilation down there it's
not the nicest one but you can't at
least pull that off and clean it from
time to time if you need to and then
you're gonna have a bunch of cables like
this coming off these small ones here or
for front panels we'll talk about those
later then you have connections for like
your USB 3.0 and USB 2.0 as well as HD
audio and if these look the same and
you're worried about getting mixed up
don't worry they're keyed a little bit
differently so you can't accidentally
plug one into the wrong plug at least
not unless you really really force it
which you shouldn't be doing you don't
need to do that with computer building
at all one thing I will point out about
this case is in order for the lights on
the front to work it has this extra
power connector that's labeled LED this
is known as a molex plug this is an
older-style plug but just bear in mind
that it's there because you will need
one of those plugs for power for that
LED coming from your power supply
I've just been removing everything from
their retail boxes making sure
everything's in order and nothing's
broken and all the accessories are there
where they should be and I'm ready to
move on with the motherboard setup
there's some stuff I want to install to
the motherboard before I install the
motherboard into the case that's going
to be the CPU both of our sticks of
memory if I was doing an MDOT to nvme
SSD I would want to install that now
that installs just below this heatsink
by the way but we're not doing that for
this build and then you'll also want
your CPU cooler most Rison processors
ship with a cooler in the box a wraith
cooler of some variant this is the
wraith stealth which is the smaller one
which isn't the best cool in the world
but it comes in the box so it's
essentially free so it will definitely
get you by do bear in mind that there's
some thermal paste pre-installed on the
bottom of this heat sink fan that means
you don't need to buy a thermal paste
and that means you don't need to worry
about thermal paste application but try
not to touch this if you can avoid it
and just be aware that it's there once
you have this out of the box so we'll
start with our cpu installation first
and these a.m. for motherboards come
with two brackets pre-installed on
either side of the cpu socket that we
actually don't need for the stock
coolers so I'm going to remove the top
brackets and the screws but I'm going to
leave the
backplate on there the back plates here
on the back of the motherboard this will
become loose once I remove these four
screws
I do recommend hanging on to these
pieces just keep it in a ziplock baggie
and your motherboard box with the rest
of the unused accessories from your
build into you may need it in the future
so now we can go ahead and install our
CPU we're gonna remove that from the
clamshell case bear in mind that CPUs at
least these types of CPUs from AMD are
pga or pin grid array CPUs which means
there's a bunch of pins on the bottom of
the CPU they're very delicate so once
you have this out try not to touch the
pins and definitely be very careful not
to bend them they need to line up with
all of the little holes in that socket
in order to line them up properly we're
going to look for the triangle there's a
little gold triangle on the corner of
the CPU you can see from the bottom as
well as from the top and then there's
also a little triangle on the socket
itself although that's a little bit
harder to see it is right at this corner
down here so if you flip up this little
retention arm it's at the opposite end
of that where that is and at the
opposite corner so with this arm raised
up and that should be fairly easy to do
and it should stay up once you have it
up just line up the triangle corners and
drop the CPU straight down into the
socket it should not require any force
to drop in it should just drop down in
there if it's not dropping in there
don't force it lift it up check your
pins make sure none are bent out of
alignment once it is in just drop this
retention arm down and your CPU is
installed next we're going to install
our heat sink fan for the CPU and
there's four mounting points for this it
is reversible so you can install it this
way you can flip it around and install
it this way the main concern here is
making sure that this plug coming off of
it which is a four pin plug plugs into
the CPU fan header which on this
motherboard is right here next to the
memory slots so I'm just going to
install it this way and again remember
there's thermal paste on the bottom and
once that makes contact it's going to
compress down so it has good contact
between the CPU and the heatsink these
are spring-loaded screws so I recommend
just getting a couple turns on each one
to get them threaded into that backplate
and it's best to start with opposite
corners and then tighten down opposite
corners just a few turns at a time
rotating around and swapping between the
ones you're tightening in-between to
make sure you
put too much pressure on one side of the
CPU versus the other so now those are
all threaded in there so I'm just going
to start giving them a couple turns each
again opposite corners and these screws
are basically going to bottom out once
they stop turning you know they have
turned enough and your cpu heatsink fan
is installed but not plugged in yet
again we got a route that cable over
here and plug it into the CPU fan header
and then of course if you're being picky
about aesthetics maybe trying to find a
good way to tuck through the rest of
that cable away hide it and now to
install our memory you might notice the
memory where it plugs in on the bottom
there is a little notch cut out that's
not in the center that's slightly
off-center and that make sure you can't
install it the wrong way also we have
four memory slots and two sticks of
memory we want to make sure the memory
is running in dual-channel mode and you
should double-check your motherboard
manual for this but almost always you're
gonna go with every other slots and the
first slots you usually populate are the
ones that are farther away from the CPU
once you've figured out which slots to
install to just open up the caches on
either side make sure that notch is
lined up start the memory in the slot
and then give it firm pressure on both
sides and it'll snap into place with a
very satisfying snappy sound so the
motherboard is pretty much good to go
now with CPU memory and heatsink fan
installed but I'm gonna set that aside
for now and switch back to case prep
because I want to get everything set up
and installed to the case as much as I
can before I go ahead and install the
memory and that's going to involve
installing our big beefy power supply
I pulled the motherboard IO shield out
of the motherboard box that's one of the
motherboard accessories that you
definitely shouldn't forget about I also
grabbed a SATA cable I was in there for
our SATA SSD which I will also install
to the case along with our 120
millimeter intake fan the i/o shield
helps protect the inputs and outputs on
the back of the motherboard so double
check which orientation your motherboard
will be installed usually these audio
outs are going to be done at the bottom
and then from the inside of the case we
just want to snap this into place
sometimes it takes a little bit of
pressure but if you're having
difficulties just use the butt end of a
screwdriver and should pop in eventually
want to install that fan up here as
intake so we're gonna pull this front
panel off the front panel of most
computer cases not all computer cases
but most can be pulled off like this
grip the bottom and pull this case does
have some IO up here so there's some
cables that are fed back through the
case I can pull these out all the way if
I really wanted to get at it but I'm
just gonna set that aside gently for now
so I can take my fan and pop it on here
in the front I keep in mind with fans
that the airflow is directional if
you're not sure which way the air is
going to go usually the bracket is where
the exhaust comes out so since the
brackets there the air is going to come
this way that means this is the intake
some fans are nice and they put some
arrows on the side that's indicating
which way the fans gonna spin and which
way the air is going to flow and if you
buy your own extra fan it should come
with its own little fan screws these are
slightly different than the rest of the
screws that you might use in your system
so just remember to use the fan screws
that came with your fan and the front
panel pops back on in pretty much the
same way I would like to install this
SSD next and fortunately we have a
couple SSD mounts here on the rear panel
or a side panel or however you want to
call that also there is a 3.5 inch mount
that's down there at the bottom he's
both installed pretty much the same way
though there's these little screws with
rubber spacers that you install on three
of the four corners there's a fourth
corner that already has the rubber
grommet pre-installed there so each plug
is going to set into the wider gap and
then push over into the smaller gap to
secure it so pretty much like that and
then you push it that way to kind of pop
it into place and then if you want to be
thorough you can secure it from the back
with an actual screw a bear in mind for
this case they've labeled the Baggies
these are the standoffs used for 2.5
inch SSDs and they have a separate
baggie here for a 3.5 inch hard drives
so if you're not satisfied with the 500
gigs or 250 gigs of SSD storage you
might want to drop in a mechanical hard
drive like this one if you've got an old
one maybe you can format it to drop in
there for some extra storage for that
it's going to use the bottom mounts on
the hard drive so there's four screw
holes down here two on the bottom two on
the top from this orientation so you'd
mount those pegs through there and
pretty much the same way and then it
would slot into that little little
mounting point area
right there and the hard drive would end
up being you know like right about there
although to be honest it looks like it
conflicts with the 2.5 inch drive back
there so if you install mechanical here
maybe install your SSD and upper mouth
there so now it's time to drop some
motherboard in and for that we want to
make sure that there are standoffs
wherever necessary so this case actually
has mini ITX and micro ATX both label on
here that's very basic for mini ITX
there's only four mounting points two
here and two here everything labeled
with a 2 is for micro ATX but bear in
mind like this is labeled with the 2
with a standoff this is labeled with the
2 without a standoff so micro ATX the
mounting points on the motherboard
itself are not always as universal as
all that so you'll want to double check
but other than the 4 here here here and
here that should be for mini ITX you're
probably going to have one on the top
right as well one kind of midway down on
the right side you might not have one on
the bottom right corner you're probably
going to have one here but it can also
be a little bit higher than that so
watch out for that and then probably one
last one down here by my count that is
eight so I have one two three four five
six seven and eight I have a rear
exhaust fan here with a cable so I want
to make sure I hold that up and out of
the way and then I'm gonna drop my
motherboard in angling that rear i/o
over here to go into the i/o panel that
I installed a few moments ago and
unfortunately this case does have one
stand off that has a little pokey part
to it I don't know the right word for
that but it sticks out a little bit so
once you set the motherboard in the
right location it should somewhat hold
it in place so you can get the screws
installed and for motherboard screws the
rule of thumb is to tighten them snugly
but not too tight if you ever need to
uninstall the motherboard
you don't want to unscrew the screw and
also unscrew the stand off that is
beneath the screw because that is very
inconvenient
so all eight of my screws are now
installed the motherboard is secure and
I can start plugging some stuff in
before I install the power supply and
start plugging in like these big plugs
for power I'm gonna plug in the fans so
this cable already kind of tied up a
little bit and route it over here we're
just looking for fan headers on the
motherboard or trigger usually going to
be these little four pin ones there's a
good one there and they're often labeled
on the motherboard
system fan to the four pin motherboard
headers will work for either three or
four pin case fans this is a three pin
for example that means it's just voltage
control not PWM the plug itself though
has a little catch on one side and that
will line up with the three pin part of
the three pin header and then you'll
just have one little extra pin sitting
off to the side I routed the cable for
this front fan back and through over
here so I can plug in it as well and
while we're at it we might as well plug
in the rest of these front panel cables
so I just passed these through from the
other side of the case we've got a USB
three got a USB right here these little
individual ones USB three header is
right there so let's go ahead and plug
that in there is a notch on one side so
we just want to point that up so it
lines up with the plug it's kind of a
large and cumbersome header but next to
that we have a couple USB headers and
those are labeled on the motherboard you
can also double check the motherboard
manual for where those are located
here's our USB header again one blank
pin on there so line that up with a
blank pin on the plug on the board there
we go
audios down here on the left so we'll do
the same with the HD audio okay and then
there's these guys front panel
connectors so note that there's an LED
right here sometimes you have another
system led the LED is labeled with a
plus and a minus and that does make a
difference for which pin outs you plug
it in to reset switch and power switch
do not so those are a little bit easier
but most motherboards now are going to
have a little diagram on the board
itself that will tell you which of these
pins you should plug which thing into
but once again you can double check your
motherboard manual for that here are the
four pins on the farthest left on the
top and bottom rows are for power LED
and HD LED here these four pins on the
left side or for power LED and hard
drive LED the next four pins are for
power the top two and reset the bottom
two
pretty much does its that is universally
reviled as kind of the most annoying
part of a computer build but
congratulations now that's finished so
we can move on I'm not ready to install
my super overkill power supply and I
think it should fit this is a modular
power supply which is convenient because
it means you can only plug in the cables
that you need if you don't have a
modular power supply and they all come
permanently attached that's okay just
take all the excess and stuff them into
the bottom down here and you can hide
them and tuck them away
because I do have a modular power supply
though I've plugged in only the cables
that I need that is for the motherboard
the main 24 pin power connector and the
Supplemental eight pin CPU power
connector for the case I needed some
molex plug so I had to plug in a set of
those and these come in a set of four
only gonna use one of those but that's
okay same thing for the SATA power plugs
this is for the SSD these also come in a
daisy chain of four so that's okay too I
need that for that and finally since I
have a discreet graphics card you may or
may not need supplemental power for that
depending on how high end of a graphics
card you need this one has an eight pin
power connector so I've got a PCI
Express graphics connector for that and
if you're looking at the eight pin PCI
Express graphics connector and you're
thinking hey that looks a lot like the
CPU one how do I can tell those apart
the CPU one is either going to be in a
solid block of eight or possibly split
into two sets of four whereas PCI
Express graphics power usually has a
block of six and then maybe a little two
pin add-on I am facing the fan down
because this case has that fan intake or
a little bit of a dust filter down there
for the power supply so that's that's
good so usually you'll point the fan
down occasionally you can point it up
and then we're just going to secure it
from the back of the case with four
screws and these screws will usually
come with your power supply power
supplies almost always come with these
screws sometimes the case will have them
too though before I plug in all those
power cords I want to plug in this cable
this is a SATA data cable serial ata
data cable this comes with a motherboard
the plugs are the same on both sides as
for the physical plug one of these is
just angled 90 degrees which can be
convenient in
installation scenarios bear in mind as
you're plugging in a SATA data cable to
an SSD your hard drive that it is keyed
as well it's got sort of an L shape to
the bracket so it only plugs in one way
this motherboard has six serial ata
connection points you can see two of
them facing up right here and that's
where you can also see that L shape to
the actual plug and then this group of
four more down here and these are angled
so I just got one end plugged into the
motherboard fed the rest of the excess
back behind the motherboard tray and
this other one if I can get it to the
right angle I'll plug into the SSD there
we go well I'm over here I grabbed one
of the SATA power plugs from the power
supply these are also sort of l-shaped
so again you can only plug them in one
way watch out for the l-shaped plug and
now our SSD has power too and now we're
just taking our power cords from the
power supply and sort of passing them
through to where they need to be when it
comes to the actual system so our 24 pin
we're gonna pass through right here
eight pin CPU is gonna go up to the top
right corner it's multiple places we
could pass this PCI Express graphics
power cable but I'm just gonna send it
through right here below these SATA SSD
and I don't forget that led plug the
molex plug for the case I can plug that
in right now and you just tuck in all
those excess cables up here into the
front so here's that eight pin CPU plug
our 24 pin four main motherboard power
and all these are gonna have a clasp on
one side and then there should also be a
catch on one side of the plug itself
back over on this side I've just been
pulling any excess back through here and
pushing and tucking anything that I can
down into the bottom if it's your first
time building in particular I wouldn't
go to the trouble of zip tying stuff
together and tying it all in nice and
pretty yet remember there's gonna be a
solid side panel here you're not gonna
see any of this stuff so it's totally
okay to have a little bit of a rat's
nest on here and to tuck it away and out
of sight out of mind right meanwhile
though over on this side
everything should be looking relatively
neat and clean of course we do still
have this cable sticking off here and
that's because we have on line
Pease to install and that's our graphics
card you're gonna loosen this screw and
then let us sort of get a little bit
more space there I'm just gonna take
this all the way off here we go
we want the top PCI Express slot that's
full length and that's closest to the
CPU and then that should line up with a
couple of the expansion brackets over
here for micro ATX it's pretty much
always going to be these top two so your
most two screws and these covers should
just pop out or you should be able to
remove them pretty easily and then we
take our graphics card PCI Express slot
should go towards the motherboard IO
should go towards the rear of the case
again I can't seem to do this without
blocking all available light but you can
see the i/o is kind of a lining there
and once we're aligned with this lot
we should be able to give it a push and
then once it snaps in there's a catch on
this side of the PCIe slot that will
sort of hold it in place of course we're
going to want to secure it with these
screws as well and finally we are going
to plug in the Supplemental PCI Express
graphics power to the graphics card
lacus and this has another daisy chain
coming off of it so if you had a
graphics card that needed more than the
six or the eight pin there you could I
don't like these just hanging around so
I'm gonna zip tie this to the cable down
here to keep it a little bit tight here
at this point the system is put together
but we don't know yet whether it's gonna
work or not
hopefully it will if we did everything
correctly it is considered an okay time
now to reinstall the back side panel PC
building superstition however dictates
that if you reinstall this side panel
before you do a test boot your
overconfidence will be your undoing the
pc building gods will frown upon you and
you will have something wrong that
you'll need to fix that said it is now
time for the moment of truth so i'm
going to plug this in flip the switch on
the back and try out the power button
and hey look it appears that this
computer that I've just built is
functional so there it is guys for about
five hundred and fifty dollars in twenty
twenty you can build yourself a pretty
nice gaming PC with a discreet graphics
card as well as a six core 12 third
processor and on a platform that has an
insane amount of upgrade paths because
of course this is compatible with AMD's
Rison 3000 series it should be
compatible with AMD's rise in 4000
series that were expecting later this
year but it's a little too early to
absolutely confirm that but then of
course you could add more memory if you
wanted you could remove this graphics
card and upgrade it to an RT X xx atti
if you wanted to you could add more
storage and then of course there's the
whole peripheral situation with monitors
and keyboards and mice and all that good
stuff so if you guys are building a
system like this please send me a tweet
at Paul Hardware on Twitter let me know
how it went send me a picture of your
rig I love looking at systems that
people have put together especially if
my videos helped you out and of course
I'll put links to all these parts down
in the video description so check that
out if you want my best advice for what
parts you should choose right now if
you're going to build a computer for
about 550 bucks
finally if you enjoyed this video and
you want to help support me and my
youtube channel then check out my store
at Paul's Hardware net I have a bunch of
shirts mugs pint glasses and other
various paraphernalia that you can get
it's really high quality stuff and it's
the best way to help support my youtube
channel thanks again for watching this
one you guys and we'll see you next time
[Music]
you